Dallen Shurtleff
Mr. Francis
English 10, period 7
16 April 2024

	Breathing hard, I look around the dim light.  My friend and I are surrounded by countless blinking lights.
	“Now where are we?”  I’m as confused as she is.  “Is this place safe?”
	“I don’t feel safe.”
	I smell the air.  Metallic, Tang, hints of burning acid.  “Don’t these look like server racks?  Maybe we're in a massive supercomputer.”  
	We quietly wander in between rows of machines.  The machines are reminiscent of an old mainframe, or a television control room.  They quietly hum, beeping and buzzing about their work.  Everything is lit by a dim, blue light.  Where are we?  Still, we aren't hurt, and I’m with my friend.  Things could be so much worse.

	We step through a door into a room lined with quietly humming computers.  Packed in between two beeping cabinets is a desk with a keyboard and monitor.  I move aside an office chair to take a closer look.  It displays a lock screen and password prompt.  It’s a dead end.  No clues, nothing to figure out.
	“That’s odd.  Normally they don’t put terminals inside the super computer.”
	“Yeah.  I think you're not supposed to have people inside the computer, unless it’s for maintenance or something.”
	“Are we breaking that rule?  I wonder what kind of security this place has.”
	“I haven't seen any cameras.” I say.  “Really.  If we get caught, who’s gonna believe that we were running from some kind of hairy vacuum creature, tripped, and fell into the middle of this giant super computer?”
	“Deverell, I think we have worse problems if we get caught.” she said.  “How did these … Demi foxes get into my super computer?!  Out! Out!”
	We wander down another hallway.  According to my watch, it’s been over two hours.  It all blends together, nothing different about the majority of the machines.  In fact, many of them appear to be identical.  Hundreds of LEDs blinking in unison.  Quiet footsteps on the concrete floor.
	Arina notices.  “It seems like not much happens around here.  It’s almost calming”
	“Maybe.  It’s almost too calming.  Every time we cross a passage or find one of those rooms, I have this distinct feeling that we were not supposed to be here.  How big is this place?”
	“What if  this place wasn’t made for people?”
	“When is someone going to notice us?  Doesn’t this place have any security?”
	A moment later I hear a faint noise.  As we approach an intersection with another hallway, I hear a quiet whirring noise.  A short, three wheeled cart, moving autonomously, appears and suddenly stops.  A piece detaches, turns and faces us.  It turns in place, and heads back the way it came.
“What?”  
“Do you think it saw us?”
“Why didn’t it stay?”
“Should we follow it?”
“I think we should follow it.  Maybe there are others? Maybe they can show us out?”

	We follow it at a distance.  It doesn’t turn around.  Oddly, it won’t go any faster than walking speed.  It seems like it knows where it’s going though.  It turns a corner and disappears out of sight.  Right as I step up to the corner, Arina grabs my arm.
	“Don’t you hear that? That rumbling?”
	I pause.  Indeed, I can hear, and feel, a low rumbling.  Shaking the ground a little.
	“I don’t think we're supposed to be here.”
	“But how do we leave?” - Deverell
A large metallic object rolls around the corner at a walking pace.
It is holding in front of it a needle.
Several similar things come out behind it, advancing on us at the same slow pace.
“Deverell.  I think one alerted security!”
	I run down the right passage.  We are going faster, but there are many more robots.  We rush through countless dim, buzzing corridors.  All the same, except now something’s different.  The front panel of a machine is partially ripped out, with sharp metal edges, and exposed circuitry.  None of the lights on the machine are lit.
Farther down, there is a similar broken machine.  Farther along, none of the machines are powered.
	“What happened here?”
	“Some of these machines have chunks ripped out.”
	“I wonder who did this.”
	It is getting quite dark now.  Barely visible, the floor feels somewhat uneven.  We carefully navigate down the corridor.  After a while, I see something up ahead.
“Hey! I think I see some light.”
As we come closer to the opening, a cool breeze barely ruffles my fur.  We step through on to a bluish metal grate.  It’s a catwalk on the edge of a tube of indeterminate length.  The cool wind blows past us from above.  Above us are more catwalks, smooth walls, holes, and the walls of the tube receding into darkness.  Below, there is — Vertigo hits me, I step from the edge and clutch the wall.
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah.  I’m fine.”  Our whispers echo from across the chute.
She peers over the edge.  “This cylinder extends straight down.  There’s some kind of orange glow down there too.”
We start to travel across the tube.  On the opposite side there is an exit.  I’m glad that there’s a railing, otherwise I would have just turned back around.  I try to look straight ahead.  The endless abyss under my feet makes my stomach churn.
Just as we get there, I hear the harsh sound of tearing metal. Turning around, I see one of those smaller robots drive away on the other side of the catwalk.
It looks like a section of the catwalk was cut off and pulled to the other side.
“Great! Now there’s no way back!”
“Why would we go back?”
“I think you should be worried about what's ahead.”
Indeed.  Is this place trying to kill us?

We’re both looking for a way out.  We come across a door.  It’s locked.  The next intersection is blockaded.  We come down a straight, narrow corridor that ends with a closed door.  We don’t have any other choice.
I open the door.  Hot air blows past me.  It stings my nose and mouth.  Inside there is a single catwalk that crosses over a trough of something glowing white hot.  That pungent, metallic odor gets even closer.
"Let's turn around.  That's just way too risky."
"Yeah. I'm not going in there."
	Behind us, a whirring sound.  One of those robots is back, blocking our way.  So we walk into the room.  I inch down the railingless platform.  Only the catwalk separating me from a burning death.  If the Machine wanted to kill us, why leave a way out?
Halfway across the bridge.  The end is close, but we still haven't a clue what to expect.  Arina's right ahead of me.  These thoughts are crossing my mind as I slowly get closer.  The bridge shakes.  I hear warping, twisting metal behind me.  I glance over my shoulder.	
"Arina!,The bridge is breaking!"
Metal twisted under my feet.  Ahead of me, Arina leaps and barely reaches the edge.  She catches on and climbs the rest of the way up.
The bridge drops out from beneath me.  She reaches out and grabs my hand.  I swing forward, hitting the wall under her feet.  The impact yanks us apart and I fall, narrowly missing the chute.

