3/27/2024:
“lets go this way!”
“Why?”

sus.  Bussing.
Footsteps. darkness room.  Trap.  Crawl space, couch? Brightly lit room.  Into a place with columns and doors
bad  stairs . More stairs but not bad. who vacuums the backrooms?



3/28/2024:
I did it.   I wrote some on google docs during school.  I will add it now. (Added as Ideas.md)




3/29/2024:
	“I was wondering about things.  Since we spliced and ended up here.  You know, there were so many things I was worrying about before. Like school, robotics, homework, church, projects, relationships.  Since we spliced, since our arrival, that all just.  Gone?  I feel like I should be sad for this loss, but…  I almost just feel relieved.  I think.  Like a weight has been taken off my shoulders.  Plus you, you’re with me, and I’m a farax.“
	“It’s not like were in paradise though.  I mean, the only reason we are still alive even is because we walk every day, and we are just lucky that we find food and water.  Well I guess water pretty easy to find now...but it wasn’t before.  I mean, shouldn’t you be worried about all of this?”
	“I am, of course.  I guess.  Maybe I have just gotten used to being here?”
	“I feel like I should be a lot more concerned, but…”
	“You know, I’m starting to get the feeling like this was supposed to happen.  And I’m fine with that!  I don’t know the future, but I’m interested, I guess.”
	“It’s your inner explorer coming out, Deverell.”  Deverell smiles at this.



4/7/2024:
So I was telling a story about a hypothetical author.  This is Smith.  One day Smith wakes up and is thinking about things.  Like prison carts.  Smith decides  that he wants to tell a story.  He has a great plan!  First off, our main character wakes up in a prison cart.  Then he and the other prisoners escape, and start out on a grand journey.  So, Smith sits down at his computer and begin typing his story.

	___CHAPTER ONE___
	Karl wakes up.  He is just becoming aware of things.  The rolling cart, the damp pine needles under him.  He opens his eyes.  Tall trees are slowly moving past.  Carl sits up..
	"Hey, you finally woke up!" One of the prisoners grunt.  Their hands are all tied behind their back.  
	"Where am I?  What's happening?" Karl is worried.
	"Where do you think you are?  Out in  the middle of nowhere, in this wild forest."
	"Why are my hands tied behind my back?"
	"This is a prison cart.  Do you think they would just let us escape?"
	
Ten minutes in, Smith is having a great time writing.  He has got past the part where they escape, and now Carl, Zach, and Big Tommy are running through the forest.  There were four prisoners, but one of them died somehow.

	___CHAPTER THREE___
	Carl stops running and turns around.  He has this super exited look on his face.  All of the others stop. Zach, one of the prisoners, looks at him.
	“Wow! We did it!” Carl says. “Now we can go on a big adventure together!”
	Zach stares at him.  “What?”
	Little Tommy stands there. “You know, there was this bar I noticed while we were going through one of those little towns.  I think I’m gonna go check it out.”
	“Little Tommy! But…”
	Zach interrupts.  “I don’t know what you had planned in your mind, Carl. But I think I should go check on my Wife and kids.  I’ve been away a while, you know.”
	Carl tries to stop him. “But Zach!  You can’t be leaving to!  We were just getting started!”
	“Hey, thanks for helping us escape that prison cart.  But I cant stick around for your adventure.”
	“You’re gonna miss out!  All of the treasure and gold and excitement!”
	Zach is persistent. “It’s been nice knowing you, Carl.”  disappears into the woods.
	Carl is standing by himself, lost in thought.  His dreams are ruined.  I guess I just wasn’t meant to go adventuring.  Anyway, who’s idea was this?  Hey, how could I just go off on an adventure?  I didn’t even have a plan!  I wonder what else there is around here…”


Smith stops writing.  Just to check he reads over at what he just wrote.  
	Hmm.  That’s odd.  All my characters just abandoned me!  My story hasn’t even started yet!
	“What are you talking about!  You don’t have a clue what the story’s about!”  This was Carl telling him.
	And that day, Smith learned an important lesson.  A good author needs to know more about their story than the first chapter.


Now that is over.

5/13/2024:
Story Title Ideas:
The beetle and the tree

Plankton

Bugs

Termites

Safety is isolation
	  sterilization

Bug Control


